Update release.md (#7678)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/release.md

    - [ ] Commit on master 0.&lt;x-incremented&gt;.0
    - [ ] Make sure on YYYY.XX.xx we have the 0.x.&lt;number-of-minor-version&gt;
- [ ] Update `CHANGELOG.md`. [Instructions](https://mapstore.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developer-guide/release/#changelog-generation) - both master and stable
- [ ] Fix `pom.xml` dependencies stable versions ( no `-SNAPSHOT` usage release).
- [ ] Update the version of java modules on the release branch to a stable, incremental version.

>     - [ ] Run `mvn versions:set -DnewVersion=<VERSION> -DprocessAllModules -DgenerateBackupPoms=false` to update package version, where <VERSION> is the version of the java packages (e.g. `1..2.2`).

Author: ```suggestion
    - [ ] Run `mvn versions:set -DnewVersion=<VERSION> -DprocessAllModules -DgenerateBackupPoms=false` to update package version, where <VERSION> is the version of the java packages (e.g. `1.2.2`).
```

    - [ ] Commit on master 0.&lt;x-incremented&gt;.0
    - [ ] Make sure on YYYY.XX.xx we have the 0.x.&lt;number-of-minor-version&gt;
- [ ] Update `CHANGELOG.md`. [Instructions](https://mapstore.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developer-guide/release/#changelog-generation) - both master and stable
- [ ] Fix `pom.xml` dependencies stable versions ( no `-SNAPSHOT` usage release).

> - [ ] Update the version of java modules on the release branch to a stable, incremental version. (use mvn version commands)

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Update the version of java modules on the release branch to a stable, incremental version.
    - [ ] Run `mvn versions:set -DnewVersion=<VERSION> -DprocessAllModules -DgenerateBackupPoms=false` to update package version, where <VERSION> is the version of the java packages (e.g. `1..2.2`).
    - [ ] Manually update project pom templates to use `mapstore-services` of `<VERSION>`
```
